README.md, before:

# _Epicodus Track Suggester_

#### _Helps students determine which programming track would be best for them, 01/13/2017_

#### By _**Elise St Hilaire**_

## Description

_{Epicodus offers five different tracks for students to study. These options can be intimidating, especially for students that don't have much technical background. This quiz helps students determine which track would be best for them, based on a set of five multiple choice questions.}_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_The webpage has to be refreshed before submitting the form a second time._

## Support and contact details

_If you run into issues, I would appreciate if you let me know. Just message me at eliseylenore@gmail.com._

## Technologies Used

_I used JavaScript and jQuery for the interactivity of the site. The jQuery was based on a CDN. The styling consists both of my own CSS styles and Bootstrap. I also used a CDN for Bootstrap._

### License

*These webpages are licensed under the MIT license.*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Elise St Hilaire_**

Commit message:

Add color scheme and add name input

README.md, after:

# _Epicodus Track Suggester_

#### _Helps students determine which programming track would be best for them, 01/13/2017_

#### By _**Elise St Hilaire**_

## Description

_{Epicodus offers five different tracks for students to study. These options can be intimidating, especially for students that don't have much technical background. Epicodus Track Suggester helps students determine which track would be best for them, based on a set of five multiple choice questions.}_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_The webpage has to be refreshed before submitting the form a second time._

_Created a space for user to enter their name, but haven't quite figured out how to append this value to the div shown at the end, as the input comes through a separate form. There are also some issues with the gradient background at large viewport sizes.

## Support and contact details

_If you run into issues, I would appreciate if you let me know. Just message me at eliseylenore@gmail.com._

## Technologies Used

_I used JavaScript and jQuery for the interactivity of the site. The jQuery was based on a CDN. The styling consists both of my own CSS styles and Bootstrap. I also used a CDN for Bootstrap._

### License

*These webpages are licensed under the MIT license.*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Elise St Hilaire_**
